README.md, before:

# SignBloom3D

This website is Thai Sign language 3D Gesture Repository, designed for collecting mocap and opened for free usage 3D animation-ready model.

## Authors

- [@KwinyarutP](https://github.com/KwinyarutP)
- [@NANAYEMYINTKYI](https://github.com/NANAYEMYINTKYI)
- [@ppearyxx](https://github.com/ppearyxx)
- [@wutpppppppppppppppppp](https://github.com/wutpppppppppppppppppp)

## Environment Variables

To run this project locally, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file. Create .env file in server folder.

`CONNECTION_STRING` as this is your mongoDB connection string.
`PASSWORD` as this is your password string for mongoDB.
`CDN_CLOUD_NAME` as this is your database name from cloudinary server
`CDN_API_KEY` as this is your api key for cloudinary server
`CDN_API_SECRET` as this is your api secret for cloudinary server

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone ...
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd SignBloom3D
```

Install dependencies. Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) on your computer

```bash
  pnpm install
```

Start developing the application (Both Client and Server)

```bash
  pnpm dev
```

## Tech Stack

**Client:** React, React Router Dom, TailwindCSS, ...

**Server:** Node, ExpressJS

## Usage

This repository provides a two-pronged approach to advancing sign language translation:

Access a Collection of 3D Models: We offer a comprehensive library of 3D animation models optimized for sign language translation tasks. These models can be utilized for various applications, from research and development to creating educational or demonstration materials.
Contribute to the Model Library: We welcome contributions from the community to expand this valuable resource. If you've developed or have access to high-quality 3D models for sign language translation, please refer to the Contribution Guidelines section for details on how to submit them.
Integration with Your Project: The provided models are designed to be readily integrated into your sign language translation project.

Commit message:

add: Vocab API done with filters

README.md, after:

# SignBloom3D

This website is Thai Sign language 3D Gesture Repository, designed for collecting mocap and opened for free usage 3D animation-ready model.

## Authors

- [@KwinyarutP](https://github.com/KwinyarutP)
- [@NANAYEMYINTKYI](https://github.com/NANAYEMYINTKYI)
- [@ppearyxx](https://github.com/ppearyxx)
- [@wutpppppppppppppppppp](https://github.com/wutpppppppppppppppppp)

## Environment Variables

To run this project locally, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file. Create .env file in server folder.

`MONGODB_URI` This is your MongoDB URI string to connect with certain collection in the database.

For example,

```bash
mongodb+srv://myDatabaseUser:D1fficultP%40ssw0rd@mongodb0.example.com/?authSource=admin&replicaSet=myRepl
```

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone ...
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd SignBloom3D
```

Install dependencies. Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) on your computer

```bash
  pnpm install
```

Start developing the application (Both Client and Server)

```bash
  pnpm dev
```

## Tech Stack

**Client:** React, React Router Dom, TailwindCSS, ...

**Server:** Node, ExpressJS, Mongoose

## Usage

This repository provides a two-pronged approach to advancing sign language translation:

Access a Collection of 3D Models: We offer a comprehensive library of 3D animation models optimized for sign language translation tasks. These models can be utilized for various applications, from research and development to creating educational or demonstration materials.
Contribute to the Model Library: We welcome contributions from the community to expand this valuable resource. If you've developed or have access to high-quality 3D models for sign language translation, please refer to the Contribution Guidelines section for details on how to submit them.
Integration with Your Project: The provided models are designed to be readily integrated into your sign language translation project.
